docs/data-sources/item_secure_note.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bitwarden_item_secure_note Data Source - terraform-provider-bitwarden"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get (amongst other things) the content of a Bitwarden Secret Note for use in other resources.
---

# bitwarden_item_secure_note (Data Source)

Use this data source to get (amongst other things) the content of a Bitwarden Secret Note for use in other resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Find the identifier of the resource you want to read from, with the Bitwarden CLI:
#
# $ bw list items --search "SSH Private Key" | jq
# [
#   {
#     "object": "item",
#     "id": "a9e19f26-1b8c-4568-bc09-191e2cf56ed6",
#     "organizationId": null,
#     "folderId": null,
#     "type": 2,
#     "reprompt": 0,
#     "name": "SSH Private Key",
#     "notes": "<sensitive>",
#     "favorite": false,
#     "secureNote": {
#       "type": 0
#     },
#     "collectionIds": [],
#     "revisionDate": "2021-09-16T20:56:42.946Z"
#   }
# ]

data "bitwarden_item_secure_note" "ssh-private-key" {
  id = "a9e19f26-1b8c-4568-bc09-191e2cf56ed6"
}

# Later to be accessed as
#   ... = data.bitwarden_item_secure_note.ssh-private-key.notes
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) Identifier.

### Read-Only

- **favorite** (Boolean) Mark as a Favorite to have item appear at the top of your Vault in the UI.
- **field** (List of Object) Extra fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field))
- **folder_id** (String) Identifier of the folder.
- **name** (String) Name.
- **notes** (String) Notes.
- **object** (String) INTERNAL USE
- **reprompt** (Boolean) Require master password “re-prompt” when displaying secret in the UI.
- **revision_date** (String) Last time the item was updated.
- **type** (Number) INTERNAL USE

<a id="nestedatt--field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field`

Read-Only:

- **boolean** (Boolean)
- **hidden** (String)
- **linked** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **text** (String)

Commit message:

add support for organizations and collections

docs/data-sources/item_secure_note.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bitwarden_item_secure_note Data Source - terraform-provider-bitwarden"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get (amongst other things) the content of a Bitwarden Secret Note for use in other resources.
---

# bitwarden_item_secure_note (Data Source)

Use this data source to get (amongst other things) the content of a Bitwarden Secret Note for use in other resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Find the identifier of the resource you want to read from, with the Bitwarden CLI:
#
# $ bw list items --search "SSH Private Key" | jq
# [
#   {
#     "object": "item",
#     "id": "a9e19f26-1b8c-4568-bc09-191e2cf56ed6",
#     "organizationId": null,
#     "folderId": null,
#     "type": 2,
#     "reprompt": 0,
#     "name": "SSH Private Key",
#     "notes": "<sensitive>",
#     "favorite": false,
#     "secureNote": {
#       "type": 0
#     },
#     "collectionIds": [],
#     "revisionDate": "2021-09-16T20:56:42.946Z"
#   }
# ]

data "bitwarden_item_secure_note" "ssh-private-key" {
  id = "a9e19f26-1b8c-4568-bc09-191e2cf56ed6"
}

# Later to be accessed as
#   ... = data.bitwarden_item_secure_note.ssh-private-key.notes
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) Identifier.

### Read-Only

- **collection_ids** (List of String) Identifier of the collections the item belongs to.
- **favorite** (Boolean) Mark as a Favorite to have item appear at the top of your Vault in the UI.
- **field** (List of Object) Extra fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field))
- **folder_id** (String) Identifier of the folder.
- **name** (String) Name.
- **notes** (String) Notes.
- **object** (String) INTERNAL USE
- **organization_id** (String) Identifier of the organization.
- **reprompt** (Boolean) Require master password “re-prompt” when displaying secret in the UI.
- **revision_date** (String) Last time the item was updated.
- **type** (Number) INTERNAL USE

<a id="nestedatt--field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field`

Read-Only:

- **boolean** (Boolean)
- **hidden** (String)
- **linked** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **text** (String)
