---
layout: ""
page_title: "Bitwarden Provider"
description: |-
  Use the Bitwarden provider to read, create, or update logins, secure notes and folders in your Bitwarden Vaults.
---

# Bitwarden Provider

Use the Bitwarden provider to interact with Bitwarden logins, secure notes, folders and org-collections.
You must configure the provider with proper credentials before you can use it, and have the [Bitwarden CLI] installed.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    bitwarden = {
      source  = "maxlaverse/bitwarden"
      version = ">= 0.8.0"
    }
  }
}

# Configure the Bitwarden Provider
provider "bitwarden" {
  email = "terraform@example.com"
}

# Create a Bitwarden Login item
resource "bitwarden_item_login" "example" {
  name     = "Example"
  username = "service-account"
  password = "<sensitive>"
}

# or use an existing Bitwarden resource
data "bitwarden_item_login" "example" {
  search = "Example"
}
```

## Authentication
The Bitwarden provider can use different combinations of credentials to authenticate:
* Email and Password (requires `email` and `master_password`)
* API key (requires `email`, `master_password`, `client_id` and `client_secret`)
* user-provided Session Key (requires `session_key`)

### Generating a Client ID and Secret
The recommended way to interact with your Vault using the Bitwarden Provider Terraform plugin is to generate an API key.
This allows you to easily revoke access to your Vault without having to change your master password.

In order to generate a pair of Client ID and Secret, you need to:
1. Connect to your Vault on https://vault.bitwarden.com, or your self-hosted instance
2. Click on _Settings_ and then _My Account_
3. Scroll down to the _API Key_ section
4. Click on _View API Key_ (or maybe another label if it's the first time)
5. Save the API credentials somewhere safe

### Generating a Session Key

If you don't want to use an API key, you can use a Session Key instead.
When doing so, it's your responsibility to:
* ensure the validity of the Session Key
* keep the Session Key safe
* revoke it when you don't need it anymore

You can generate a Session Key by running the following command in your Terraform Workspace:
```console
BITWARDENCLI_APPDATA_DIR=.bitwarden bw login

# or if you use a custom vault path
BITWARDENCLI_APPDATA_DIR=<vault_path> bw login
```

## Configuration
Configuration for the Bitwarden Provider can be derived from two sources:
* Parameters in the provider configuration
* Environment variables

### Parameters
Credentials can be provided by adding a combination of `email`, `master_password`, `client_id`, `client_secret` or `session_key` to the bitwarden provider block.
```terraform
provider "bitwarden" {
  email           = "terraform@example.com"
  master_password = "my-master-password"
  client_id       = "my-client-id"
  client_secret   = "my-client-secret"
}
```

### Environment variables
Credentials can be provided by using a combination of `BW_EMAIL`, `BW_PASSWORD`, `BW_CLIENTID`, `BW_CLIENTSECRET` or `BW_SESSION` environment variables. 

For example:
```bitwarden
provider "bitwarden" {}
```

```console
export BW_EMAIL="terraform@example.com"
export BW_PASSWORD="my-master-password"
export BW_CLIENTID="my-client-id"
export BW_CLIENTSECRET="my-client-secret"
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) Login Email of the Vault (env: `BW_EMAIL`).

### Optional

- `client_id` (String) Client ID (env: `BW_CLIENTID`)
- `client_secret` (String) Client Secret (env: `BW_CLIENTSECRET`). Do not commit this information in Git unless you know what you're doing. Prefer using a Terraform `variable {}` in order to inject this value from the environment.
- `extra_ca_certs` (String) Extends the well known 'root' CAs (like VeriSign) with the extra certificates in file (env: `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS`).
- `master_password` (String) Master password of the Vault (env: `BW_PASSWORD`). Do not commit this information in Git unless you know what you're doing. Prefer using a Terraform `variable {}` in order to inject this value from the environment.
- `server` (String) Bitwarden Server URL (default: `https://vault.bitwarden.com`, env: `BW_URL`).
- `session_key` (String) A Bitwarden Session Key (env: `BW_SESSION`)
- `vault_path` (String) Alternative directory for storing the Vault locally (default: `.bitwarden/`, env: `BITWARDENCLI_APPDATA_DIR`).

[Bitwarden]: https://bitwarden.com/help/article/managing-items/
[Bitwarden CLI]: https://bitwarden.com/help/article/cli/#download-and-install

## Known issues

There is an open issue with the Bitwarden CLI that prevents it from creating attachments in recent version (see [bitwarden/clients#5618](https://github.com/bitwarden/clients/issues/5618)).
The only workaround is to use an older version of the Bitwarden CLI, e.g. 2023.02.
