docs/resources/attachment.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bitwarden_attachment Resource - terraform-provider-bitwarden"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an item attachment.
---

# bitwarden_attachment (Resource)

Manages an item attachment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a Login to attach items to.
resource "bitwarden_item_login" "vpn_credentials" {
  name     = "VPN Admin Access"
  username = "admin"
}

# 1. Attach raw content to the login.
resource "bitwarden_attachment" "vpn_config_from_content" {
  // NOTE: Only works when the experimental embedded client support is enabled
  file_name = "vpn-config.txt"
  content = jsonencode({
    domain : "example.com",
    persistence : {
      enabled : true,
    }
  })
  item_id = bitwarden_item_login.vpn_credentials.id
}

# 2. Attach an existing file to the login.
resource "bitwarden_attachment" "vpn_config_from_file" {
  file    = "vpn-config.txt"
  item_id = bitwarden_item_login.vpn_credentials.id
}

# 3. Generate a dynamic file and attach it to the login
resource "tls_private_key" "rsa_key" {
  algorithm = "RSA"
  # rsa_bits  = 2048
  rsa_bits = 4096
}

resource "local_sensitive_file" "vpn_key_file" {
  filename        = "vpn_key.pem"
  file_permission = "600"
  content         = tls_private_key.rsa_key.private_key_pem
}

resource "bitwarden_attachment" "dynamic_key_from_disk" {
  file = local_sensitive_file.vpn_key_file.filename
  # (Optional) Hash specified ensures the file is reuploaded if it is recalculated.
  content_hash = local_sensitive_file.vpn_key_file.content_sha1
  item_id      = bitwarden_item_login.vpn_credentials.id
}

resource "bitwarden_attachment" "dynamic_key_from_content" {
  content = local_sensitive_file.vpn_key_file.content
  item_id = bitwarden_item_login.vpn_credentials.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `item_id` (String) Identifier of the item the attachment belongs to

### Optional

- `content` (String) Path to the content of the attachment.
- `content_hash` (String) Calculated SHA1 hash of the attachment. This can be specified to ensure update of attachment if changed on disk.
- `file` (String) Path to the content of the attachment.
- `file_name` (String) File name. This is required if specifying `content` in a resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier.
- `size` (String) Size in bytes
- `size_name` (String) Size as string
- `url` (String) URL

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import bitwarden_attachment.example <item_id>/<attachment_id>
```

Commit message:

Reimplement attachment patch with `dynamic_file` and requested changes.

docs/resources/attachment.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bitwarden_attachment Resource - terraform-provider-bitwarden"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an item attachment.
---

# bitwarden_attachment (Resource)

Manages an item attachment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a Login to attach items to.
resource "bitwarden_item_login" "vpn_credentials" {
  name     = "VPN Admin Access"
  username = "admin"
}

# 1. Attach raw content to the login.
resource "bitwarden_attachment" "vpn_config_from_content" {
  // NOTE: Only works when the experimental embedded client support is enabled
  file_name = "vpn-config.txt"
  content = jsonencode({
    domain : "example.com",
    persistence : {
      enabled : true,
    }
  })
  item_id = bitwarden_item_login.vpn_credentials.id
}

# 2. Attach an existing file to the login.
resource "bitwarden_attachment" "vpn_config_from_file" {
  file    = "vpn-config.txt"
  item_id = bitwarden_item_login.vpn_credentials.id
}

# 3. Generate a dynamic file and attach it to the login
resource "tls_private_key" "rsa_key" {
  algorithm = "RSA"
  # rsa_bits  = 2048
  rsa_bits = 4096
}

resource "local_sensitive_file" "vpn_key_file" {
  filename        = "vpn_key.pem"
  file_permission = "600"
  content         = tls_private_key.rsa_key.private_key_pem
}

resource "bitwarden_attachment" "dynamic_key_from_disk" {
  dynamic_file = local_sensitive_file.vpn_key_file.filename
  # (Optional) Hash specified ensures the file is reuploaded if it is recalculated.
  content_hash = local_sensitive_file.vpn_key_file.content_sha1
  item_id      = bitwarden_item_login.vpn_credentials.id
}

resource "bitwarden_attachment" "dynamic_key_from_content" {
  content = local_sensitive_file.vpn_key_file.content
  item_id = bitwarden_item_login.vpn_credentials.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `item_id` (String) Identifier of the item the attachment belongs to

### Optional

- `content` (String) Content of the attachment
- `content_hash` (String) Calculated SHA1 hash of the attachment uploaded from `dynamic_file`. This can be specified to ensure update of attachment if `dynamic_file` changes on disk. Also, a special value `ignore` can be specified, and the attachment will not be updated when `content_hash` changes are detected.
- `dynamic_file` (String) File Path to the attachment, for use when it may not be known or created until apply.
- `file` (String) Path to the content of the attachment.
- `file_name` (String) File name. This is required if specifying `content` in a resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier.
- `size` (String) Size in bytes
- `size_name` (String) Size as string
- `url` (String) URL

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import bitwarden_attachment.example <item_id>/<attachment_id>
```
