docs/resources/item_login.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bitwarden_item_login Resource - terraform-provider-bitwarden"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this resource to set (amongst other things) the username and password of a Bitwarden Login item.
---

# bitwarden_item_login (Resource)

Use this resource to set (amongst other things) the username and password of a Bitwarden Login item.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bitwarden_item_login" "administrative-user" {
  name            = "Service Administrator"
  username        = "admin"
  password        = "<sensitive>"
  totp            = "<sensitive>"
  notes           = "some notes about this user"
  folder_id       = "3b985a2f-0eed-461e-a5ac-adf5015b00c4"
  favorite        = true

  field {
    name = "this-is-a-text-field"
    text = "text-value"
  }

  field {
    name    = "this-is-a-boolean-field"
    boolean = true
  }

  field {
    name   = "this-is-a-hidden-field"
    hidden = "text-value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Name.

### Optional

- **favorite** (Boolean) Mark as a Favorite to have item appear at the top of your Vault in the UI.
- **field** (Block List) Extra fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field))
- **folder_id** (String) Identifier of the folder.
- **notes** (String) Notes.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) Login password.
- **reprompt** (Boolean) Require master password “re-prompt” when displaying secret in the UI.
- **totp** (String) Verification code.
- **username** (String) Login username.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) Identifier.
- **object** (String) INTERNAL USE
- **revision_date** (String) Last time the item was updated.
- **type** (Number) INTERNAL USE

<a id="nestedblock--field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field`

Required:

- **name** (String)

Optional:

- **boolean** (Boolean)
- **hidden** (String)
- **linked** (String)
- **text** (String)

Commit message:

add support for organizations and collections

docs/resources/item_login.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bitwarden_item_login Resource - terraform-provider-bitwarden"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this resource to set (amongst other things) the username and password of a Bitwarden Login item.
---

# bitwarden_item_login (Resource)

Use this resource to set (amongst other things) the username and password of a Bitwarden Login item.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bitwarden_item_login" "administrative-user" {
  name            = "Service Administrator"
  username        = "admin"
  password        = "<sensitive>"
  totp            = "<sensitive>"
  notes           = "some notes about this user"
  folder_id       = "3b985a2f-0eed-461e-a5ac-adf5015b00c4"
  organization_id = "54421e78-95cb-40c4-a257-17231a7b6207"
  favorite        = true
  collection_ids  = ["c74d6067-50b0-4427-bec8-483f3270fde3"]

  field {
    name = "this-is-a-text-field"
    text = "text-value"
  }

  field {
    name    = "this-is-a-boolean-field"
    boolean = true
  }

  field {
    name   = "this-is-a-hidden-field"
    hidden = "text-value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Name.

### Optional

- **collection_ids** (List of String) Identifier of the collections the item belongs to.
- **favorite** (Boolean) Mark as a Favorite to have item appear at the top of your Vault in the UI.
- **field** (Block List) Extra fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field))
- **folder_id** (String) Identifier of the folder.
- **notes** (String) Notes.
- **organization_id** (String) Identifier of the organization.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) Login password.
- **reprompt** (Boolean) Require master password “re-prompt” when displaying secret in the UI.
- **totp** (String) Verification code.
- **username** (String) Login username.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) Identifier.
- **object** (String) INTERNAL USE
- **revision_date** (String) Last time the item was updated.
- **type** (Number) INTERNAL USE

<a id="nestedblock--field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field`

Required:

- **name** (String)

Optional:

- **boolean** (Boolean)
- **hidden** (String)
- **linked** (String)
- **text** (String)
